# OPERATING AGREEMENT for FRIENDS OF TRILLIUM, LLC


This Operating Agreement is entered into as of August 15, 2016, by the persons
set forth on the attached Exhibit 1 (referred to individually as a “Member” and
collectively as the “Members”).

 A. The Members desire to form a limited liability company under the Oregon
    Revised Statutes, Chapter 63, Limited Liability Companies.
 B. The Articles of Organization of the Company were filed with the Oregon
    Division of Corporations on August 10, 2016, and are hereby adopted and
    approved by the Members.
 C. The Members enter into this Operating Agreement to form and provide for the
    governance of the Company and the conduct of its business and to specify
    their relative rights and obligations.

Now, therefore, the Members agree as follows:

## ARTICLE I: DEFINITIONS

The following capitalized terms used in this Agreement have the meanings
specified in this Article or elsewhere in this Agreement and when not so
defined shall have the meanings set forth in the Corporations Code.

1.1. “Act” means the Oregon Revised Statutes, Chapter 63, Limited Liability
Companies, including amendments from time to time.

1.2. “Agreement” means this operating agreement, as originally executed and as
amended from time to time.

1.3. “Articles of Organization” as applied to this Company shall have the same
meaning as set forth in Section 63.001(2) of the Act.

1.4. “Book Adjustments” means, for any item of Company property for a given
fiscal year, adjustments with respect to Book Value for depreciation, cost
recovery, or other amortization deduction or gain or loss computed in
accordance with Treasury Regulation §1.704–1(b)(2)(iv)(g), including Book
Depreciation.

1.5. “Book Depreciation” means, for any item of Company property for a given
fiscal year, a percentage of depreciation or other cost recovery deduction
allowable for federal income tax purposes for that item during that fiscal year
equal to the result (expressed as a percentage) obtained by dividing (1) the
Gross Asset value of that item at the beginning of the fiscal year (or the
acquisition date during the fiscal year) by (2) the federal adjusted tax basis
of the item at the beginning of the fiscal year (or the acquisition date during
the fiscal year). If the adjusted tax basis of an item is zero, the Company may
determine Book Depreciation, provided that it is done in a reasonable and
consistent manner.

1.6. “Capital Account” means, for any Member, a separate account maintained and
adjusted in accordance with Article III.

1.7. “Capital Contribution” means, with respect to any Member, the amount of
money, or services rendered or to be rendered, and the fair market value of any
property contributed to the Company (net of liabilities secured by the
contributed property that the Company is considered to assume or take “subject
to” under Internal Revenue Code §752) in consideration of a Percentage Interest
held by that Member. A Capital Contribution shall not be deemed a loan.

1.8. “Capital Event” means a sale or disposition of any of the Company’s
capital assets, the receipt of insurance and other proceeds on account of an
involuntary conversion of Company property, the receipt of proceeds from a
refinancing of Company property, or a similar event with respect to Company
property or assets.

1.9. “Company” means the company named in Article II, Section 2.2.

1.10  “Company Property” means that certain piece of real property commonly
known as **ADDRESS**, Jacksonville, Oregon.

1.11. “Corporations Code” (“Corp C”) means the Oregon Revised Statutes, Title 7.

1.12. “Electronic transmission” shall have a meaning consistent with the
Corporations Code.

1.13. “Encumber” means the act of creating or purporting to create an
Encumbrance, whether or not perfected under applicable law.

1.14. “Encumbrance” means, with respect to any Membership Interest, or any part
of it, a mortgage, pledge, security interest, lien, proxy coupled with an
interest (other than as contemplated in this Agreement), option, or
preferential right to purchase.

1.15. “Fair Market Value” means the cash price that a willing buyer would pay a
willing seller when neither is acting under compulsion and when both have
reasonable knowledge of the relevant facts on the purchase date. See Section
8.7 for the method of determining Fair Market Value for purposes of determining
an option purchase price when the selling and purchasing parties do not agree
on a price.

1.16. “Gross Asset Value” means, with respect to any item of property of the
Company, the item’s adjusted basis for federal income tax purposes, except as
follows:

(a) The Gross Asset Value of any item of property contributed by a Member to
the Company shall be the fair market value of that property, as mutually agreed
by the contributing Member and the Company;

(b) The initial Gross Asset Value of any item of Company property shall be
adjusted as of the following times: (1) the acquisition of an interest or
additional interest in the Company by any new or existing Member in exchange
for more than a de minimis Capital Contribution; (2) the distribution of money
or other property (other than a de minimis amount) by the Company to a Member
as consideration for a Transferable Interest in the Company; and (3) the
liquidation of the Company within the meaning of Treasury Regulation
§1.704–1(b)(2)(ii)(g), provided, however, that adjustments under clauses (1)
and (2) above shall be made only if the Members have determined that the
Company must revalue its assets in accordance with Treasury Regulation
§1.704–1(b)(2)(iv)(f);

(c) The Gross Asset Value of any Company asset distributed to any Member shall
be the fair market value of the asset on the date of distribution;

(d) The Gross Asset Value of Company assets shall be increased (or decreased)
to reflect any adjustments to the adjusted tax basis of the assets under
Internal Revenue Code §734(b) or §743(b), subject to the limitations imposed by
Internal Revenue Code §755 and only to the extent that the adjustments are
taken into account in determining Capital Accounts under Treasury Regulation
§1.704–1(b)(2)(iv)(m), and if the Gross Asset Value of an asset has been
determined or adjusted under paragraph (a), (b), or (d) of this Section 1.15,
the Gross Asset Value shall thereafter be adjusted by the Book Adjustments, if
any, taken into account with respect to the asset for purposes of computing
Profits and Losses.

1.17. “Initial Member” or “Initial Members” means those Persons whose names are
set forth in Exhibit 1 to this Agreement.

1.18. “Involuntary Transfer” means, with respect to any Membership Interest, or
any part of it, any Transfer or Encumbrance, by operation of law, under court
order, foreclosure of a security interest, execution of a judgment or other
legal process, or otherwise, including a purported transfer to or from a
trustee in bankruptcy, receiver, or assignee for the benefit of creditors.

1.19. “IRC” means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and any
successor provision.

1.20. “Majority of Members” means more than 50 percent of the Votes of the
Members, by number, as set forth in Section 1.40, and not by Percentage
Interest.

1.21. “Meeting” is defined in Article V, Section 5.2.

1.22. “Member” means an Initial Member or a Person who otherwise acquires a
Membership Interest, as permitted under this Agreement, and who remains a
Member.

1.23. “Membership Interest” means, collectively, a Member’s entire interest and
rights in the Company, including the Member’s Transferable Interest, right to
Vote or participate in management, and any right to information concerning the
business and affairs of the Company.

1.24. “Membership Unit” is an expression in number of the Member’s Percentage
Interest that corresponds to a Member’s Membership Interest. Membership Units
of the Members are set forth in Exhibit 1.

1.25. “Notice” means a written notice required or permitted under this
Agreement. A notice shall be deemed given or sent when deposited, as certified
mail or for overnight delivery, postage and fees prepaid, in the United States
mails; when delivered to Federal Express, United Parcel Service, DHL WorldWide
Express, or Airborne Express, for overnight delivery, charges prepaid or
charged to the sender’s account; when personally delivered to the recipient; or
when transmitted by electronic transmission.

1.26. “Percentage Interest” means a fraction, expressed as a percentage, the
numerator of which is the total of a Member’s Membership Units, and the
denominator of which is the total of all issued Membership Units, that
corresponds to a Member’s Membership Interest. Percentage Interests of the
Members are set forth in Exhibit 1. 

1.27. “Person” means an individual, partnership, limited partnership, trust,
estate, association, corporation, limited liability company, or other entity,
whether domestic or foreign.

1.28. “Profits and Losses” means, for each fiscal year or other period as
specified in this Agreement, an amount equal to the Company’s taxable income or
loss for the year or period, determined in accordance with Internal Revenue
Code §703(a).

1.29. “Proxy” means a written authorization signed or an electronic
transmission authorized by a Member or the Member’s attorney-in-fact giving
another Person the power to exercise the voting rights of that Member. A Proxy
may not be transmitted orally.

1.30. “Regulations” (“Reg”) means the income tax regulations promulgated by the
United States Department of the Treasury and published in the Federal Register
for the purpose of interpreting and applying the provisions of the Internal
Revenue Code, as those Regulations may be amended from time to time, including
corresponding provisions of applicable successor regulations.

1.31. “Substituted Member” is defined in Article VIII, Section 8.8.

1.32. “Successor in Interest” means a Transferee, a successor of a Person by
merger or otherwise by operation of law, or a transferee of all or
substantially all of the business or assets of a Person.

1.33. “Supermajority of Members” means 75 percent or more of the Votes of the
Members, by number, as set forth in Section 1.40, and not by Percentage
Interest.

1.34. “Transfer” means any assignment, conveyance, lease, sale, gift,
Involuntary Transfer, Encumbrance, or other disposition of a Membership
Interest or any part of a Membership Interest, directly or indirectly, other
than an Encumbrance that is expressly permitted under this Agreement.

1.35. “Transferable Interest” means the right, as originally associated with a
Person’s capacity as a Member, to receive distributions from the Company in
accordance with the terms of this Agreement, whether or not the Person remains
a Member or continues to own any part of that right.

1.36. “Transferee” means a Person who has acquired all or part of a
Transferable Interest in the Company, by way of a Transfer in accordance with
the terms of this Agreement, but who has not become a Member.

1.37. “Transferring Member” means a Member who by means of a Transfer has
transferred a Transferable Interest in the Company to a Transferee.

1.38. “Triggering Event” is defined in Article VIII, Section 8.3.

1.39. “Vote” means a written consent or approval, a ballot cast at a Meeting,
or a voice vote.

1.40. “Voting Interest” means, with respect to a Member, the right to Vote or
participate in management and any right to information concerning the business
and affairs of the Company provided under the Act, except as limited by the
provisions of this Agreement. All Members who have been assigned the same
Sphere of Influence, as that term is defined in Section 2.13, and as those
assignments set forth in Exhibit 1, shall share one vote.  Each Member who has
not been assigned a Sphere of Influence, as set forth in Exhibit 1, shall have
one vote. Each Member who has been assigned more than one Sphere of Influence
shall have but one vote. The voting interests of the Members are not
proportional to the Membership Units or Percentage Interests of the Members.

1.41. “Writing” means any manner of recording on any tangible thing; any form
of communication or representation, including letters, words, pictures, or
symbols, or combinations thereof; any record thereby created, regardless of the
manner in which the record has been stored; handwriting; typewriting; printing;
photostating; photographing; photocopying; facsimile transmission; and
electronic communications as described in Corporations Code capable of
comprehension by ordinary visual means.

1.42. “Written” or “in writing” means by a Writing as defined in Section 1.40.

## ARTICLE II: FORMATION AND COMPANY PROPERTY

2.1. The Articles of Organization were filed with the Oregon Division of
Corporations on August 10, 2016, Registry Number 124015199. A copy of the filed
Articles of Organization is attached to this Agreement as Exhibit 2.

2.2. The name of the Company is FRIENDS OF TRILLIUM, LLC.

2.3. The principal executive office of the Company shall be located at 
**ADDRESS**, Jacksonville, Oregon, 97530, or any other place or places
determined by the Members from time to time.

2.4. The initial agent for service of process on the Company shall be **NAME**,
whose address is **ADDRESS**, Jacksonville, Oregon, 97530. A Majority of Members
may from time to time change the Company’s agent for service of process.

2.5. The Company is formed for the primary purpose of owning, operating and
investing in the Company Property.

2.6. The term of existence of the Company shall commence on the effective date
of filing of Articles of Organization with the Oregon Division of Corporations,
and shall continue until terminated by the provisions of this Agreement or as
provided by law.

2.7. The Members are the managers of the Company.

2.8.  The Company intends to purchase real property located at **ADDRESS**,
Jacksonville, Oregon, 97530 (the “Company Property”). 

2.9.  Buildings and Improvements. Improvements, such as homes and outbuildings
associated with the homes (the “Improvements”), located on the Company
Property, may be separately sold to and owned by the individual Members, and
not owned by the Company, so long as such Improvements fall within that
Member’s SOI, as defined below, subject to the terms of this Agreement and its
Appendices. If owned individually, the county tax assessor levies an unsecured
tax against each individual owner of these Improvements as "improvements on
real estate of others." All taxes and assessments related to Improvements owned
individually by a Member are the responsibility of that Member. 

No one but a Member may individually own such Improvements and no Member may
transfer ownership of his or her individually-owned Improvements to anyone
other than the Company or the approved transferee of that Member’s Membership
Interest, as set forth in Article XIII. 

Upon the happening of a Triggering Event, the option of the Company and the
other Members to purchase all or any portion of the Membership Interest in the
Company of the Selling Member at the price and on the terms provided in Section
8.7 shall include the option to purchase all or any portion of any Improvements
on the Company Property individually owned by the Selling Member.

The addresses of the Improvements owned by each of the Members are listed on
Appendix B: Trillium Land Use Zoning Map, which is attached and made a part of
this Agreement. Each Member’s use of his or her separately owned improvements
is subject to the rules set out in Appendix A: FOT RULES AND REGULATIONS.

2.10.  Alterations of Improvements and Land as Capital Contributions by a
Member.  With the written consent of a Supermajority of the Members, a Member
may alter or repair, at his or her own expense, either a) an Improvement that
is not separately owned by that Member, but rather is owned by the Company and
exists in a Common Use Zone, or 2) land that exists within or outside of that
Member’s SOI, and the cost of such alterations will be treated as a capital
contribution to the LLC by that Member, thus increasing that Member's capital
account in the LLC.  The valuation of such capital contribution shall be
determined by a Supermajority of the Members in their reasonable discretion.

2.11.  Rules. Use of the Company Property is governed by Appendix A: FOT RULES
AND REGULATIONS to this Agreement.  Appendix A may only be modified by a
Supermajority Vote of the Members.

2.12.  Land Uses and Zoning. The Company Property is organized into distinct
zones, such as Wildlands, Community Zones, and Residential Spheres of
Influence, all of which make useful entities for land use planning. Each zone
needs regular tender loving care as well as a commitment to holistic planning
and design for the long-term benefit of the land and its inhabitants in order
to function and shine: clean-up & restoration, maintenance & repair, and
prioritized planning of projects. Land Uses and Zoning details are set forth in
Appendix B.

2.13.  Sphere of Influence (SOI). Sphere of Influence means a defined area
within the Company Property that has been identified by the Company for an
individual Member’s use and on which the Member’s home and associated buildings
are located. The Company grants each Member the right to use the SOI set forth
next to that Member’s name in Exhibit 1, subject to the terms of this
Agreement.  It is not required that the Company grant use of an SOI to a
Member, and not all SOIs must have an assigned Member.  The Company will
maintain an appropriate map or maps on which the various assigned SOI are
depicted. 

Each Member is subject to comply with the rules as outlined in Appendix A: FOT
RULES AND REGULATIONS. Once an SOI has been agreed upon by the Company, it may
be changed by a Supermajority vote of the Members in keeping with the working
axiom ‘that which benefits the group as a whole’ only to adjust sphere
boundaries between Members’ Spheres if particular Members have a dispute as to
their common boundary and cannot resolve it between themselves within 90 days.

If a Member is a business entity, and not a natural person, then the Company
may, in its reasonable discretion, by a Vote of a Majority of Members, restrict
the frequency with which persons associated with the Member may use the SOI or
common areas.

The Individual SOIs are defined in Appendix B.

2.14. Common Use Zones. Common Use Zones are defined as any portion of the
Company Property that is not associated or designated as being part of an
individual SOI. Specified Common Use Zones are available for use by any Member
for various reasons including Recreation, Commercial, Personal or Family Use,
or, upon approval of a Majority of the Members, Scheduled Permitted Commercial
Use. The rules regarding the usage of the Commons Use Zones by the individual
Members and the Company are outlined in the attached Appendix A: FOT RULES AND
REGULATIONS. The primary Common Use zones are outlined and described on the
attached Appendix B: Trillium Land Use Zoning Map.

Community Zones. The community Zones are to be used by Members and the Company
for Recreational, or, upon approval of a Majority of the Members, Permitted
Commercial Use. The list of permitted Commercial uses is outlined in the
attached Appendix A: FOT RULES AND REGULATIONS. The Community Zones are
outlined in Appendix B. 

2.15. Right to use Company Property. The Company hereby grants the Members,
individually, the right to use and occupy the Company Property, including but
not limited to SOIs, Common Use Zones, and Community Zones, in the manner set
forth in this Agreement and its Appendices. This Agreement in no way
constitutes a lease by the Company or any Member, however in the event of a
judicial decree that any such possession is construed to be a lease, the
Members agree that the provisions of this Agreement will control such lease to
the fullest extent permitted by law.

## ARTICLE III: CAPITALIZATION

3.1. There are hereby authorized and issued a number of Membership Units as set
forth in Exhibit 1.

3.2. Each Member shall contribute to the capital of the Company as the Member’s
Capital Contribution the money, property, and/or services specified in Exhibit
1 to this Agreement. 

3.3. Additional Capital Contributions may be required from time to time as
determined by a Supermajority of Members. Additional Capital Contributions, if
any, shall be made in accordance with each Member’s Percentage Interest. 

3.4. The failure of a Member to make a Capital Contribution required under
Section 3.2 or Section 3.3 within 30 days after it is required to be made, or
in violation of the rules in Appendix C, is a Triggering Event as that term is
defined in Section 8.3. In addition, that Member shall indemnify and hold the
Company and the other Members harmless from any loss, cost, or expense,
including reasonable attorney fees, caused by the failure to make that Capital
Contribution.

3.5. An individual Capital Account shall be maintained for each Member
consisting of that Member’s Capital Contribution, (1) increased by that
Member’s share of Profits, (2) decreased by that Member’s share of Losses, and
(3) adjusted as required in accordance with applicable provisions of this
Agreement, the Internal Revenue Code, and Treasury Regulations.

3.6. A Member shall not be entitled to withdraw any part of the Member’s
Capital Contribution or to receive any distributions, whether of money or
property, from the Company except as provided in this Agreement.

3.7. No interest shall be paid on funds or property contributed to the capital
of the Company or on the balance of a Member’s Capital Account, unless
otherwise agreed by a Supermajority of the Members.

3.8. A Member shall not be bound by, or be personally liable for, the expenses,
liabilities, or obligations of the Company except as otherwise provided in the
Act or in this Agreement.

3.9. No Member shall have priority over any other Member with respect to the
return of a Capital Contribution or distributions or allocations of income,
gain, losses, deductions, credits, or items thereof.

## ARTICLE IV: ALLOCATIONS AND DISTRIBUTIONS

4.1. The Profits and Losses of the Company and all items of Company income,
gain, loss, deduction, or credit shall be allocated, for Company book purposes
and for tax purposes, to each Member in accordance with that Member’s
Percentage Interest.

4.2. If any Member unexpectedly receives any adjustment, allocation, or
distribution as described in Treasury Regulation §1.704–1(b)(2)(ii)(d)(4)–(6),
items of Company gross income and gain shall be specially allocated to that
Member as quickly as possible in an amount and manner sufficient to eliminate
any deficit balance in the Member’s Capital Account created by the adjustment,
allocation, or distribution. Any special allocation under this Section 4.2
shall be taken into account in computing subsequent allocations of Profits and
Losses, so that the net amount of allocations of income and loss and all other
items shall, to the extent possible, be equal to the net amount that would have
been allocated if the unexpected adjustment, allocation, or distribution had
not occurred. The provisions of this Section 4.2 and the other provisions of
this Agreement relating to the maintenance of Capital Accounts are intended to
comply with Treasury Regulations §§1.704–1(b) and 1.704–2 and shall be
interpreted and applied in a manner consistent with those Regulations.

4.3. Any unrealized appreciation or unrealized depreciation in the values of
Company property distributed in kind to all the Members shall be treated in
accordance with applicable law.

4.4. In the case of a Transfer of a Transferable Interest during any fiscal
year, the Transferring Member and Transferee shall each be allocated the
Economic Interest’s share of Profits or Losses based on the number of days each
held the Transferable Interest during that fiscal year.

4.5. All cash resulting from the normal business operations of the Company and
all cash resulting from a Capital Event shall be distributed among the Members
in proportion to their Percentage Interests at such times as a Majority of the
Members may agree.

4.6. If the proceeds from a sale or other disposition of a Company asset
consist of property other than cash, the value of the property shall be as
determined by the Members. Noncash proceeds shall then be allocated among all
the Members in proportion to their Percentage Interests. If noncash proceeds
are subsequently reduced to cash, the cash shall be distributed to each Member
in accordance with Section 4.5.

4.7. Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement to the contrary,
when there is a distribution in liquidation of the Company, or when any
Member’s Interest is liquidated, all items of income and loss first shall be
allocated to the Members’ Capital Accounts under this Article IV, and other
credits and deductions to the Members’ Capital Accounts shall be made before
the final distribution is made. The final distribution to the Members shall be
made to the Members to the extent of and in proportion to their positive
Capital Account balances.

## ARTICLE V: MANAGEMENT

5.1. The business of the Company shall be managed by all the Members. A Member
shall be a manager only during the time the Member is a Member of the Company.
Unless otherwise provided in this Agreement, all decisions concerning the
management of the Company’s business shall be made by the Vote of a Majority of
Members.

Each Member is required to devote only so much of his or her time and attention
to the Company business as all Members, including himself or herself, shall
deem reasonable or necessary for the furtherance of such business.

5.2. The Members are not required to hold meetings, and decisions may be
reached through one or more informal consultations followed by agreement among
a Majority of Members, if all Members are consulted (although all Members need
not be present during a particular consultation), or by a written consent
signed by a Majority of Members. In the event that Members wish to hold a
formal meeting (a “Meeting”) for any reason, the procedures set forth in
Appendix C shall apply. The Members shall keep or cause to be kept with the
books and records of the Company full and accurate minutes of all Meetings,
Notices, and waivers of Notices of Meetings, and all written consents in lieu
of Meetings.

5.3. Unless otherwise approved by a Majority of the Members, the Members as
such and as Managers shall not be entitled to compensation for their services.

5.4. The Company may have a President, who may be, but need not be, a Member. A
Majority of the Members may provide for additional officers of the Company and
for their election, and may alter the powers, duties, and compensation of the
President and of all other officers in their capacity as such. The President,
if there is one, shall attend any Meetings of Members called under Section
5.2(1)–(6).

5.5. All assets of the Company, whether real or personal, shall be held in the
name of the Company.

5.6. All funds of the Company shall be deposited in one or more accounts with
one or more recognized financial institutions in the name of the Company, at
locations determined by a Majority of Members. 

Excepting withdrawals related to projects that have been budgeted and approved
by a Majority of the Members, all withdrawals from any such account or accounts
shall be only by check or other written instrument signed by any one Member
with the exception of checks in excess of $500, which shall require the
signature of any two Members. The Company will from time to time decide by
Majority vote which Member or Members will be designated with the Company's
bank or banks for purposes of writing checks or otherwise handling the bank
account.

5.7. No Member may incur any obligation in the name of or on the credit of the
Company other than routine operating expenses without the written express
approval of a Majority of the Members. Additionally, no Member may enter into
an agreement to purchase real property on behalf of the LLC without the written
express approval of all of the Members.  Any obligation incurred in violation
of this provision shall be the personal debt of the individual Member incurring
such obligation and who shall defend, indemnify and hold the Company and other
Members harmless from such debt. No Members are bound by the liabilities of
other Members.

## ARTICLE VI: ACCOUNTS AND RECORDS

6.1. Complete books of account of the Company’s business, in which each Company
transaction shall be fully and accurately entered, shall be kept at the
Company’s principal executive office and shall be open to inspection and
copying by each Member or the Member’s authorized representatives on reasonable
Notice during normal business hours. The costs of inspection and copying shall
be borne by the Company.
sadfasdfasdf
6.2. Financial books and records of the Company shall be kept on the cash
method of accounting, which shall be the method of accounting followed by the
Company for federal income tax purposes. A balance sheet and income statement
of the Company shall be prepared promptly following the close of each fiscal
year in a manner appropriate to and adequate for the Company’s business and for
carrying out the provisions of this Agreement. The fiscal year of the Company
shall be January 1 through December 31.

6.3. At all times during the term of existence of the Company, and beyond that
term if a Majority of the Members deem it necessary, the Members shall keep or
cause to be kept the books of account referred to in Section 6.2, and the
following:

(a) A current list of the full name and last known business or residence
address of each Member and of each holder of a Transferable Interest in the
Company, together with the Capital Contribution and the share in Profits and
Losses of each Member and holder of a Transferable Interest;

(b) A copy of the Articles of Organization and all amendments thereto;

(c) Copies of the Company’s federal, state, and local income tax or information
returns and reports, if any, for the six most recent taxable years;

(d) Executed counterparts of this Agreement and all amendments thereto;

(e) Any powers of attorney under which the Articles of Organization, this
agreement, or any amendments were executed;

(f) Financial statements of the Company, if any, for the six most recent fiscal
years; and

(g) The books and records of the Company as they relate to the Company’s
internal affairs for at least the current and past four fiscal years.

If a Majority of Members deem that any of the foregoing items shall be kept
beyond the term of existence of the Company, the repository of those items
shall be as designated by a Majority of Members.

6.4. Within 90 days after the end of each taxable year of the Company, the
Company shall send to each of the Members all information necessary for the
Members to complete their federal and state income tax or information returns,
and a copy of the Company’s federal, state, and local income tax or information
returns for that year.

## ARTICLE VII: MEMBERS AND VOTING

7.1. There shall be only one class of membership and no Member shall have any
rights or preferences in addition to or different from those possessed by any
other Member.  Each Member shall have a Voting Interest as set forth in Section
1.40. 

In the event that a Member is a business entity, that Member must designate one
person (the “Contact”) to serve as the contact person and decision-maker for
that Member. This Contact person shall be listed on Exhibit 1.

7.2. Any action that may or that must be taken by the Members shall be by a
Majority of Members, unless otherwise provided by this Agreement, except that
the following actions shall all require a Supermajority Vote of the Members:

(a) The transfer of a full or partial Membership Interest and the admission of
a new Member or Transferee as a Member of the Company;

(b) Any amendment of the Articles of Organization or this Agreement;

(c) The sale or exchange of the Company Property or any part of it;

(d) Compromise of the obligation of a Member to make a Capital Contribution; 

(e) The admission of a new Member of the Company through the authorization and
issuance of additional Membership Units; or

(f) Any act outside the ordinary course of the activities of the Company,
including but not limited to major capital improvements on the Company
Property.

7.2. The record date for determining the Members entitled to Notice of any
Meeting to Vote, to receive any distribution, or to exercise any right in
respect of any other lawful action, shall be the date set by a Majority of
Members, provided that the record date may not be more than 60, nor less than
10 days prior to the date of the Meeting, nor more than 60 days before any
other action.

In the absence of any action setting a record date, the record date shall be
determined in accordance with Corporations Code.

7.3. At all Meetings of Members, a Member may Vote in person or by Proxy. The
Proxy shall be filed with any Member before or at the time of the Meeting, and
may be filed by facsimile transmission or other electronic transmission to the
Company or a Member at the principal executive office of the Company or any
other address given by a Majority of Members to the Members for that purpose.
The use of proxies shall be governed in the same manner as in the case of
corporations formed under the Corporations Code.

## ARTICLE VIII: DISSOCIATION OR EXPULSION OF MEMBERS; TRANSFERS OF MEMBERSHIP INTERESTS

8.1. A Member may voluntarily dissociate from the Company at any time by giving
Notice of Dissociation to all other Members at least 180 calendar days before
the effective date of dissociation. Dissociation shall not release a Member
from any obligations and liabilities under this Agreement accrued or incurred
before the effective date of dissociation. A dissociating Member shall divest
the Member’s entire Membership Interest before the effective date of
dissociation in accordance with the transfer restrictions and option rights set
forth below.

Further, a Member may be expelled from the Company pursuant to the process set
forth in Appendix C upon the Supermajority Vote of the Members on the
occurrence of any of the following events:

a)     The Member willfully or persistently committed a material breach of the
Operating Agreement including the Rules in Appendix A or of a duty owed to the
Company or the other Member, or

b)    The Member engaged in conduct relating to the Company business that makes
it not reasonably practicable to carry on the business in partnership with the
Member; or

c)     The Member becomes a debtor in bankruptcy such that the Member’s
interest will fall into the hands of a bankruptcy trustee for the benefit of
the Member’s creditors.

8.2. Except as expressly provided in this Agreement, a Member shall not
Transfer any part of the Member’s Membership Interest in the Company, whether
now owned or later acquired, unless (1) the other Members approve by
Supermajority the Transfer and the transferee’s admission to the Company as a
Member and (2) the Membership Interest to be Transferred, when added to the
total of all other Membership Interests Transferred in the preceding 12 months,
shall not cause the termination of the Company under Internal Revenue Code
§708(b)(1)(B).

In addition, if a Member wishes to Transfer a Membership Interest that is
associated with the exclusive use of an SOI as outlined in Exhibit 1, with the
purpose of transferring all rights to use of that SOI, then that Member must
Transfer all Membership Units that relate to use of that SOI.  Such Transfer
must also be in compliance with all other terms of this Agreement. 

No Member may Encumber or permit or suffer any Encumbrance of all or any part
of the Member’s Membership Interest in the Company unless the Encumbrance has
been approved in writing by all the other Members. Any Transfer or Encumbrance
of a Membership Interest without that approval shall be void. Notwithstanding
any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, a Member who is a
natural person may transfer all or any portion of his or her Membership
Interest to any revocable trust created for the benefit of the Member, or any
combination between or among the Member, the Member’s spouse or domestic
partner, and the Member’s issue if the Member retains a beneficial interest in
the trust and all of the Voting Interest included in the Membership Interest. A
transfer of a Member’s entire beneficial interest in the trust or failure to
retain a Voting Interest shall be deemed a Transfer of a Membership Interest.

8.3. On the happening of any of the following events (“Triggering Events”) with
respect to a Member, the Company and the other Members shall have the option to
purchase all of 1) the Membership Interest in the Company and 2) the
individually-owned Improvements of the Member (“Selling Member”) at the price
and on the terms provided in Section 8.7 of this Agreement:

(a) The death or incapacity of a Member;

(b) The bankruptcy of a Member;

(c) The winding up and dissolution of a corporate Member, or the merger or
other corporate reorganization of a corporate Member as a result of which the
corporate Member does not survive as an entity;

(d) The dissociation of a Member;

(e) The expulsion of a Member; 

(f) A Member’s failure to make a Capital Contribution within 30 days after it
is required to be made; or

(g) Except for the events stated in Section 8.4, the occurrence of any other
event that is, or that would cause, a Transfer that is not approved by a Vote
of a Supermajority of the Members or is otherwise in contravention of this
Agreement.

Each Member agrees to promptly give Notice of a Triggering Event to all other
Members and to follow any additional procedures required by Appendix C.

Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Section, if a Member who is a
natural person transfers his or her Membership Interest and Improvements to his
or her child or children, either during that Member’s life or as a result of
that Member’s death, then the child or children may be admitted to the Company
as a Member or Members by a Vote of a Supermajority of Members.  If the child
or children are not approved as a Member or Members by a Vote of a
Supermajority of Members, only then will the transfer be treated as a
Triggering Event, giving the Company and the other Members the option to
purchase all of 1) the Membership Interest in the Company and 2) the
individually-owned Improvements of the deceased Member (“Selling Member”) at
the price and on the terms provided in Section 8.7 of this Agreement.

8.4. Further, notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement:

(a) If, in connection with the divorce or dissolution of the marriage of a
Member, any court issues a decree or order that transfers, confirms, or awards
a Membership Interest or any Improvements, or any portion of them, to that
Member’s spouse (an Award), then, notwithstanding that Award, that Member shall
have the right to purchase from his or her former spouse the Membership
Interest and Improvements that was the subject of the Award, and the former
spouse shall sell the Membership Interest and Improvements, or portion of them,
to that Member at the price set forth in Section 8.7 of this Agreement. If the
Member has failed to consummate the purchase within 180 days after the Award
(the Expiration Date), the Company and the other Members shall have the option
to purchase from the former spouse the Membership Interest and Improvements
under Section 8.5 of this Agreement, provided that the option period shall
commence on the later of (1) the day following the Expiration Date, or (2) the
date of actual notice of the Award.

(i) If, under the circumstances described above in Section 8.4(a), the Company
and/or the other Members exercise their option under Section 8.5 of this
Agreement (the “Prior Purchase”), and then at a later date the Member whose
divorce triggered the option Transfers his or her Membership Interest in the
Company or his or her Improvements (and becomes a Selling Member), then the
Company and/or the other Members who engaged in the Prior Purchase shall have
the right to recoup from the Selling Member the amount that each paid in that
Prior Purchase, either by an appropriate reduction in the Fair Market Value of
the Selling Member’s Membership Interest and Improvements, or by a lien on that
Selling Member’s Membership Interest and Improvements.     

(b) If, by reason of the death of a spouse of a Member, any portion of a
Membership Interest or Improvements is Transferred to a Transferee other than
(1) that Member or (2) a trust created for the benefit of that Member (or for
the benefit of that Member and any combination between or among the Member and
the Member’s issue) in which the Member is the sole Trustee and the Member, as
Trustee or individually, possesses all of the Voting Interest included in that
Membership Interest, then the Member shall have the right to purchase the
Membership Interest and Improvements from the estate or other successor of his
or her deceased spouse or Transferee of his or her deceased spouse, and the
estate, successor, or Transferee must sell the Membership Interest or portion
of it at the price set forth in Section 8.7 of this Agreement. If the Member
has failed to consummate the purchase within 180 days after the date of death
(the Expiration Date), the Company and the other Members shall have the option
to purchase from the estate or other successor or Transferee of the deceased
spouse the Membership Interest and Improvements under Section 8.5 of this
Agreement; provided that the option period shall commence on the later of (1)
the day following the Expiration Date, or (2) the date of actual notice of the
death.

(i) If, under the circumstances described above in Section 8.4(b), the Company
and/or the other Members exercise their option under Section 8.5 of this
Agreement (the “Prior Purchase”), and then at a later date the Member whose
spouse’s death triggered the option Transfers his or her Membership Interest in
the Company or his or her Improvements (and becomes a Selling Member), then the
Company and/or the other Members who engaged in the Prior Purchase shall have
the right to recoup from the Selling Member the amount that each paid in that
Prior Purchase, either by an appropriate reduction in the Fair Market Value of
the Selling Member’s Membership Interest and Improvements, or by a lien on that
Selling Member’s Membership Interest and Improvements.    

8.5. On the receipt of Notice of any Triggering Event (the date of receipt
being referred to in this Agreement as the Option Date), the Company, and then
the other Members, shall have the option to purchase the Membership Interest in
the Company to which the option relates, together with any Improvements
individually owned by the Member, as follows.  

(a) For a period ending 60 calendar days following the determination of the
purchase price as provided in Section 8.7, the Company shall have the option to
purchase the Membership Interest in the Company to which the option relates,
together with any Improvements individually owned by the Member, at the price
and on the terms provided in Section 8.7. 

(b) The other Members, pro rata, in accordance with their prior Membership
Interests in the Company, shall then have the option, for a period of 60 days
thereafter, to purchase the Membership Interest in the Company to which the
option relates, together with any Improvements individually owned by the
Member, that are not purchased by the Company, on the same terms and conditions
as apply to the Company.

(c) If all other Members do not elect to purchase the entire remaining
Membership Interest in the Company or Improvements, then the Members electing
to purchase shall have the right, pro rata, in accordance with their prior
Membership Interests in the Company, to purchase the additional Membership
Interest in the Company to which the option relates, together with any
Improvements individually owned by the Member, available for purchase.

It is the intention of the Members that this option allows for the purchase
only of the entire Membership Interest in the Company to which it relates,
together with all Improvements individually owned by the Member, either by the
Company, the other Members, or both.  The Members desire to avoid a situation
in which the option is used to purchase only a fraction of the Membership
Interest to which it relates.  Accordingly, if the option process described
above does not result in the purchase of the entire Membership Interest in the
Company to which it relates, together with all Improvements individually owned
by the Member, then any partial purchase of the Membership Interest or
Improvements made by the Company or the other Members under this option will be
void. 

Any Transferee of a Membership Interest in the Company and/or Improvements
shall hold them subject to all of the provisions of this Agreement.  That
Transferee shall not become a Member of the Company or have the right to use or
occupy an SOI or the Property until that Transferee is approved as a Member by
a Vote of a Supermajority of Members. 

8.6. No Member shall participate in any Vote or decision in any matter
pertaining to the disposition of that Member’s Membership Interest in the
Company under this Agreement.

8.7. The purchase price of a Membership Interest that is the subject of an
option under this Agreement shall be the Fair Market Value of the Membership
Interest as determined under this Section 8.7. Each of the selling and
purchasing parties shall use his, her, or its best efforts to mutually agree on
the Fair Market Value. If the parties are unable to so agree within 30 days of
the date on which the option is first exercisable (the Option Date; see Section
8.5), the selling party shall appoint, within 45 days of the Option Date, one
appraiser, and the purchasing party shall appoint within 45 days of the Option
Date, one appraiser. The two appraisers shall within a period of five
additional days, agree on and appoint an additional appraiser. The three
appraisers shall, within 60 days after the appointment of the third appraiser,
determine the Fair Market Value of the Membership Interest in writing and
submit their report to all the parties. The Fair Market Value shall be
determined by disregarding the appraiser’s valuation that diverges the most
from each of the other two appraisers’ valuations, and the arithmetic mean of
the remaining two appraisers’ valuations shall be the Fair Market Value as
determined under this Section 8.7. Each party shall pay for the services of the
appraiser selected by it, plus one-half of the fee charged by the third
appraiser. The option purchase price as so determined shall be payable in cash
or as otherwise agreed by the buying and selling parties.

The Fair Market Value shall be reduced by a) the amount of any required Capital
Contribution not made by the Member whose Membership Interest is the subject of
an option under this Agreement, and b) the amount of any Prior Purchase, as set
forth in Sections 8.4(a)(i) and 8.4(b)(i). Furthermore, 1% of the option
purchase price shall be paid to the Company, with such sum to be paid directly
from escrow.

8.8. A prospective Transferee (other than an existing Member) of a Membership
Interest may be admitted as a Member with respect to the Membership Interest
(Substituted Member) only (1) on the Supermajority Vote of the other Members in
favor of the prospective Transferee’s admission as a Member, and (2) on the
prospective Transferee’s executing a counterpart of this Agreement as a party
to it. Any prospective Transferee of a Membership Interest shall be deemed a
Transferee, and, therefore, the owner of only a Transferable Interest until the
prospective Transferee has been admitted as a Substituted Member.

8.9. Any person admitted to the Company as a Substituted Member shall be
subject to all provisions of this Agreement and must execute a counterpart of
this Agreement as a party to it.

8.10. Pending sale or buyout under the foregoing provisions, including the
option and appraisal periods, a Member will be permitted to occupy the SOI
assigned to that Member, unless agreed otherwise in writing by all of the other
Members.

8.11. Any transfer, purchase, or sale of a Membership Interest made pursuant to
this Article must be recorded in the accounts and records of the Company,
reflected in the accounting of the Members’ capital accounts, and documented in
an amended Exhibit A to this Agreement. 

8.12. The initial sale of Membership Interests in the Company to the initial
Members has not been qualified or registered under the securities laws of any
state, or registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, in reliance
on exemptions from the registration provisions of those laws. No attempt has
been made to qualify the offering and sale of Membership Interests to Members
under the California Corporate Securities Law of 1968, as amended, also in
reliance on an exemption from the requirement that a permit for issuance of
securities be procured. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement,
Membership Interests may not be Transferred or Encumbered unless registered or
qualified under applicable state and federal securities laws or unless, in the
opinion of legal counsel satisfactory to the Company, qualification or
registration is not required. A Member who desires to transfer a Membership
Interest shall be responsible for all legal fees incurred in connection with
that opinion.

## ARTICLE IX: DISSOLUTION AND WINDING UP

9.1. The Company shall be dissolved on the first to occur of the following
events:

(a) By the Vote of a Supermajority of Members to dissolve the Company.

(b) The sale or other disposition of substantially all of the Company assets.

(c) The passage of 90 consecutive days during which the Company has no Members,
except on the death of a natural person who is the sole Member of the Company,
the status of the Member, including a Membership Interest, may pass to the
heirs, successors, and assigns of the Member by will or applicable law. The
heir, successor, or assign of the Member’s interest becomes a substituted
Member pursuant to the Corporations Code, subject to administration as provided
by applicable law, without the permission or consent of the heirs, successors,
or assigns or, those administering the estate of the deceased Member.

(d) Entry of a decree of judicial dissolution under the Corporations Code.

9.2. On the dissolution of the Company, it shall engage in no further business
other than that necessary to wind up its business and affairs. The Members
winding up the Company’s affairs shall give written Notice of the commencement
of winding up by mail to all known creditors and claimants against the Company
whose addresses appear in the Company’s records. After paying or adequately
providing for the payment of all known debts of the Company (except debts owing
to Members), the remaining assets of the Company shall be distributed or
applied in the following order of priority:

(a) To pay the expenses of liquidation.

(b) To the establishment of reasonable reserves for contingent liabilities or
obligations of the Company. On the determination that reserves are no longer
necessary, they shall be distributed as provided in this Section 9.2.

(c) To repay outstanding loans to Members. If there are insufficient funds to
pay those loans in full, each Member shall be repaid in the ratio that the
Member’s respective loan, together with accrued and unpaid interest, bears to
the total of all those loans from Members, including all interest accrued and
unpaid on those loans. Repayment shall first be credited to unpaid principal
and the remainder shall be credited to accrued and unpaid interest.

(d) Among the Members in accordance with the provisions of Article IV, Section 4.7.

9.3. Each Member shall look solely to the assets of the Company for the return
of the Member’s investment, and if the Company property remaining after the
payment or discharge of the debts and liabilities of the Company is
insufficient to return the investment of any Member, the Member shall have no
recourse against any other Members for indemnification, contribution, or
reimbursement except as specifically provided in this Agreement.

## ARTICLE X: MEDIATION AND ARBITRATION

10.1.  If a dispute arises from or relates to this contract or the breach
thereof, and if the dispute cannot be settled through direct discussions, the
parties agree to make a good faith effort to settle the dispute through
mediation. Any settlement through mediation shall be binding upon the parties.
Upon failure to resolve the dispute through mediation, the remaining dispute
shall be settled by binding arbitration administered by an arbitrator through a
reputable arbitration association such as the American Arbitration Association.
All disputes shall be mediated and arbitrated in Jackson County, Oregon and
judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator(s) may be entered in any court
having jurisdiction thereof.

## ARTICLE XI: GENERAL PROVISIONS

11.1. This Agreement, including all Exhibits and Appendices, constitutes the
whole and entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter of
this Agreement, and it shall not be modified or amended in any respect except
by a written instrument executed by all the parties. This Agreement replaces
and supersedes all prior written and oral agreements by and among the Members
or any of them with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement.

11.2. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which
shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and
the same instrument. Executed counterparts of this agreement may be delivered
by facsimile transmission or by delivery of a scanned counterpart in portable
document format (PDF) by e-mail, in either case with delivery confirmed. On
such confirmed delivery, the signatures in the facsimile or PDF data file shall
be deemed to have the same force and effect as if the manually signed
counterpart had been delivered to the other party in person.

11.3. This Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the
laws of the state of Oregon. If any provision of this Agreement is determined
by any court of competent jurisdiction or duly authorized arbitrator(s) to be
invalid, illegal, or unenforceable to any extent, that provision shall, if
possible, be construed as though more narrowly drawn, if a narrower
construction would avoid that invalidity, illegality, or unenforceability or,
if that is not possible, the provision shall, to the extent of that invalidity,
illegality, or unenforceability, be severed, and the remaining provisions of
this Agreement shall remain in effect.

11.4. This Agreement shall be binding on and inure to the benefit of the
parties and their heirs, personal representatives, and permitted successors and
assigns. This provision does not create a right to transfer or assign rights or
obligations under this Agreement.

11.5. Whenever used in this Agreement, the singular shall include the plural,
the plural shall include the singular, and the neuter gender shall include the
male and female as well as a trust, firm, company, or corporation, all as the
context and meaning of this Agreement may require.

11.6. The parties to this Agreement shall promptly execute and deliver any and
all additional documents, instruments, notices, and other assurances, and shall
do any and all other acts and things reasonably necessary in connection with
the performance of their respective obligations under this Agreement and to
carry out the intent of the parties.

11.7. Except as provided in this Agreement, no provision of this Agreement
shall be construed to limit in any manner the Members in the carrying on of
their own respective businesses or activities.

11.8. Except as provided in this Agreement, no provision of this Agreement
shall be construed to constitute a Member, in the Member’s capacity as such,
the agent of any other Member.

11.9. Each Member represents and warrants to the other Members that the Member
has the capacity and authority to enter into this Agreement.

11.10. The article, section, and subsection titles and headings contained in
this Agreement are inserted as a matter of convenience and for ease of
reference only and shall be disregarded for all other purposes, including the
construction or enforcement of this Agreement or any of its provisions.

11.11. This Agreement may be altered, amended, or repealed only by a writing
signed by a Supermajority of the Members.

11.12. Time is of the essence of every provision of this Agreement that
specifies a time for performance.

11.13. This Agreement is made solely for the benefit of the parties to this
Agreement and their respective permitted successors and assigns, and no other
person or entity shall have or acquire any right by virtue of this Agreement.

11.14. The Members intend the Company to be a limited liability company under
the Act. No Member shall take any action inconsistent with the express intent
of the parties to this agreement.





[Signatures on following page.]

